Hello, everyone. Welcome back.
I hope you had fun
with this challenge.
It can be a very tough
challenge sometimes.
You've really got to understand
what's going on with returning
references, returning values,
const correctness and so forth.
So let's go through the solution.
I'm in the section 14 workspace in
the challenge-solution1 project.
And here's one possible
solution to this challenge.
There's obviously a lot of different
ways to achieve the same result.
First thing is I'm in
the mystring.h file.
And you can see here the prototypes
for the operator member methods.
Remember, now this is the version
where we're implementing all of
these operators as member methods.
So right away, we've got a little
bit of an advantage in the sense that
since we're member methods we have
access to all the private information.
So here we go.
We've got our unary minus that
makes the string lowercase.
We've got our concatenation operator.
And remember, because we've
got member methods here, this
will expect nothing, right.
There's nothing in the parameter
list for a unary operator because
this object is the operand.
In the case of a binary, operator
there's only one item to the right
in the parameter list, not two.
With non-member functions,
it's different we'll have two.
Here is my equality operator,
my not equal operator.
You can see they return Booleans,
less than, greater than.
If you chose to do less than
or equal to greater than
or equal to, that's great.
And then I've got my plus
equal operator that expects a
right-hand side string obviously.
And then the left-hand side,
we're assigning back to.
That's my concatenate and a sign.
There's my star or repeat operator
in this case where I want to
repeat a string n number of times.
There's the star equal operator.
And then we've got our pre-increment
and post-increment operators that
will simply make a string uppercase.
Notice the pre-increment returns
a reference, the post increment
returns mystring by value.
Okay, so there you go.
And let's go and see the
implementations for these,
and they should be really
straightforward, it's pretty much
what you've been used to doing.
So let me start right here
at the very beginning.
Right here on line 94,
we're looking at equality.
So let's take advantage of that
string compare function, right.
So we're going to compare
this string with the
right-hand side object string.
And if they're equal to 0,
then they're the same the
Not equals is exactly the same
except I'm just putting a bang
in here, I'm just saying -- I'm
negating that result.
We could certainly call this guy.
But it's simple enough just to
negate what we get back here.
The less than is the same idea.
I'm using std string hump again.
And I'm checking to see if the
value return was less than 0,
and I'm returning that result.
Greater than exactly the same way.
So you can see how trivial these
methods are to implement because
the std string comp function is
really doing all the work for us.
Now the make lowercase we
saw this in the slides.
And we saw this in some of the
code examples that we did as well.
What we need to do here is allocate
a character buffer right here an
array of characters on the heap
that's the length of the string
that we're in question plus one.
Then we need to copy the string
over to buff and then just
loop through that buffer area.
And basically, make all those
characters lowercase, right.
And we're using the std to lower
function right here to simply make the
lowercase version of that character.
I'm creating the temporary
object, which I'm returning and
don't forget to delete the buffer
as we mentioned in the slides.
Otherwise, we'll leak that memory and
that's not something we want to do.
The concatenate method
is very, very similar.
We're creating an area in on the heap.
This time it has to be big
enough for both strings plus 1.
So we're taking the length of str and
then the like the length of right-hand
side str and adding 1 to them.
I'm copying the string to the
buffer, and then I'm concatenating
the other string the right-hand
side string to that, creating a
temporary object and returning
it and deleting my area again.
Very, very common
pattern that you can see.
Now let's talk about plus equal
since we've already overloaded
the concatenation operator.
Let's take advantage of that.
So you can see this basically
becomes really one line of code,
the return doesn't even count
because we've got a return.
So what we're saying here is
that the current object is equal
to the current object plus the
right-hand side object, right.
So this right here we'll call this
operator that we've already overloaded
and take care of everything for us.
So this becomes a very trivial
method once we've overloaded
the concatenation operator.
Here is the repeat.
And what I can do here is I can
take advantage because remember
multiplication or repeating
is just a bunch of additions.
So what we can do here is we
can take advantage of that.
So we can create a temp object
to just an empty temp object and
then just loop end times and add
this to the temp object, right,
which is exactly what we expect.
We're incrementing this so many times.
And then we just return the
temp object, in this case.
We could do it all in code.
If we do it like that if you like,
one is going to be a little bit
more efficient than the other.
But this works really well and
this is very, very readable
and modifiable code, which
is my preference right here.
Here's the repeat and assign,
same idea as the plus equal.
This is the star equal.
So this equals this times n.
We're going to call the overloaded
star operator, a repeat operator in
this case to do it all for us, so
this method becomes trivial again.
Okay, and now let's take a look at
the last couple of methods here the
pre-increment and the post-increment.
They both make the string case.
The difference is in the semantics.
So let's take a look at this
one right here, pre-increment.
This one is dead simple.
We've got an object.
It's got an str, pointer that
points to a character array on
the heap to do is loop through
that character array and make
everything in there two upper.
That's it. And then we return the current object.
There's no need to copy
anything, move anything over.
It's the same string we're
pointing to, we're just
simply making it uppercase.
And in the case of the post
increment, remember, the post
increment is using that int right
there, which is just a placeholder.
It's unnamed.
We don't even use it in here.
It's only used by the
compiler behind the scenes.
This returns an object by value.
So what we're doing is we're making a
temporary copy of the current object.
That's what this is doing right here.
Then we're calling the pre-increment
function, this guy right here.
That's going to increment that string,
make it uppercase in this case.
And then we return the
temporary object that we
saved, that was the old value.
So these are the semantics for
post increment, it's going to
be a little bit different than
the pre because I've got to
return the old value, right.
That makes sense because what
we're assigning is the value then
we're incrementing the string.
So there you go.
That's a real simple implementation
for all of these operators.
It may have taken you a while.
That's okay, that's part
of the learning process.
I remember when I first did operator
overloading, it's hard to wrap your
head around whether you're returning
references or values and you know
what what exactly is going on here.
The last thing we'll do is
let's take a look at main and
you'll see some test cases here.
And what I'd like to do I'll
just run this real quick.
And right there's our output.
And then it says enter
a string to repeat.
So let me just enter a string
that looks like dash 00 dash
I'll put three 0, just something
that we can really see.
And this is testing the
extraction operator as well.
And how many times would
you like to repeat it.
Let's say I want to
repeat it five times.
And there we go.
And I'll get back to this output in
just a second, but let's go back to
our main here and walk through this.
You can see right here that I've
got mystring a which is frank,
mystring b which is frank.
And I'm saying is a equal to b.
And this will print out true
or false because I've set this
modifier right here on the stream.
So a obviously is equal
to b, so we expect a true.
That's what we have right here.
Is a not equal to b?
Well, that's false
so we get the false.
Then we set b to George, and we use
some of the other comparison operators
in addition to the ones we just did.
So in this case, frank is definitely
not equal to george, right.
So we expect this to be
false, which it is right here.
Is frank not equal to george?
That's true.
Is frank less than george.
And finally, is frank
greater than george?
That's false.
So you can see that
output right over here.
Okay now we'll get to some other ones.
In this case, I've got s1 is frank
all uppercase, and I'm using the
unary minus right here to make it all
lowercase and then I'm outputting S1.
And so you can see we expect
lowercase frank and that's
what we have right here.
The next is using the
concatenation operator.
So remember, s1 is lowercase frank.
And we're just saying tack on five
asterisks to that, concatenate
five asterisks to the end of that.
So we expect this to be frank,
followed by five asterisks and
you see the output right there.
And then we're doing it again except
this time we're using plus equals.
So I'm saying s1 plus equals.
I think five dashes again.
In this case dash is not stars.
So what we expect is s1 which is
right here frank five asterisks, and
we want to append those dashes to it.
So the output is something like
this is what you see right here.
Okay, now we're going to use
the repeat operator right here.
We're simply saying s2 is one two
three four five and give me three
copies of that and assign it to s1.
So what we expect is 1 2 3 4
5, 1 2 3 4 5
and 1 2 3 4 5, just what we see right here.
Okay, let me scroll this up
just a little bit so we put
all this on the same screen.
So we're right about -- okay.
So that's better.
So now I've got s3 is abcdef.
And all I'm saying is give me
five copies in this case of s3
and just put it right back in s3.
So we expect five copies of abcdef.
That's what we're getting here.
You can see the five
copies of that string.
Now we're using the insertion
and extraction operators
we're testing those.
So we've got a couple of variables
here repeat string and repeat times.
And we're just simply asking the user
interest string to repeat, and we're
using the extraction operator to
read that right into repeat string.
That's our own overloaded
extraction operator.
So I typed in dash
three zeros and a dash.
And then how many times would
you like me to repeat this.
I entered five times.
And I simply wrote repeat
string star equals repeat time.
So give me five copies of that.
And then I'm displaying it right
here 1 2 3 4 5 copies of that.
Then the next line just gives
me 12 copies of what I just did.
So that's going to give me 5 times
12, it's going to give me 60 of
these guys printed out here, which
is just a really simple test.
And then finally, the last tests
for the concatenation operator
are right here I've got repeat
string is just repeat me.
Then I'm simply outputting
repeat string plus repeat
string plus repeat string.
So I expect the three copies of that
to display and there they are: repeat
me, repeat me and repeat me again.
Okay, there were chaining
the concatenation operators.
And notice that here we're creating
actually a temporary unnamed.
So you can uncomment the
move assignments and the move
constructors and you can see how
that's happening efficiently.
Here we're saying repeat
stream plus equals, repeat
string plus times three.
So we're basically
adding this time right.
So we're taking this repeat
string, which is repeat me.
Give me three copies of it and then
adding it right back to repeat me
which had one copy in there already.
So we expect to end
up with four copies.
We have 1 2 3 and 4 right here.
And then the last several test cases
are the posts and pre-increments.
So we'll do the pre-increment first.
In this case, I've got frank.
Let me scroll that down just
a little bit right there.
So in this case, I've
got a pre-increment.
Mystring is frank with an uppercase f.
And I'm saying pre-increment s.
So I expect frank to be
uppercase when I output it and
that's what I'm getting here.
I'm setting s back down to lowercase
and outputting it right there.
I'm saying mystring
result pre-increment s.
So when that happens, I expect
both s and result to contain
the uppercase frank which is
exactly what's happening here.
And then finally, we'll test the post
increment where we're setting s to
frank and just simply incrementing
s, we should get remember post
and pre-increment all alone in
the statement mean the same thing.
So in this case, I've got frank as
uppercase, which I'm displaying.
I'm making frank lowercase, and
then I'm testing the post increment
in this context here, which means
assign the lowercase version
to result and then increment s.
So result we expect to be
lowercase, s we expect to be
uppercase, and there you go.
Okay, so a lot of talk with
the test cases, but they're
important that you understand
what they're supposed to do.
When we look at the challenge
solution 2, we won't go over these
again since we went over them here.
But that's pretty much it.
Implementing these as member
methods is pretty straightforward.
It's just a matter of understanding.
When we're changing str, we've
got the right-hand object as well.
Do we return a reference;
do we return by value?
And that's it.
If you have questions,
please let me know.